docs: new faq page (#335)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: site/overview/faqs.md

---
outline: deep
head:
  - - meta
    - property: og:title
      content: Frequently Asked Questions
  - - meta
    - name: description
      content: Learn how to get started with Alchemy's Account Kit, a vertically integrated stack for building apps that support ERC-4337.
  - - meta
    - property: og:description
      content: Frequently Asked Questions
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:title
      content: FAQs
  - - meta
    - name: twitter:description
      content: Frequently Asked Questions
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

## Smart Contract Accounts - LightAccount

### Do accounts have the same address across all chains?

::: details Answer

> In almost all cases, yes, you will get the same address on all chains as long as the owner address is the same! The deployment address is a function of the owner address, the account implementation (e.g. latest version of LightAccount), and the salt (you can optionally specify this). If all three of those remain the same, then you deploy at the same contract address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In almost all cases, yes, you will get the same address on all chains as long as the owner address is the same! The deployment address is a function of the owner address, the account implementation (e.g. latest version of Light Account), and the salt (you can optionally specify this). If all three of those remain the same, then you deploy the smart account at the same contract address.
```

There are two scenarios where you'd get a different contract address:

> 1. If you deploy one account, then change the owner address, then deploy the second account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you deploy one smart account, then change the owner address, then deploy the second account.
```

> 2. If you upgrade the account (e.g. to a new version of LightAccount). It is unlikely that we will make many updates to this contract so the address will not change frequently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you upgrade the smart account (e.g. to a new version of Light Account). It is unlikely that we will make many updates to this contract so the address will not change frequently.
```

   :::

> ### How would Alchemy initiate an upgrade of a LightAccount?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How would Alchemy initiate an upgrade of a Light Account?
```

::: details Answer

> It is unlikely we will frequently update the LightAccount contract itself, however it is possible if needed. LightAccount has [`UUPSUpgradeable`](https://github.com/alchemyplatform/light-account/blob/main/src/LightAccount.sol#L50) which adds upgrade methods on the account itself. To upgrade an account you will need to send a UO using that method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is unlikely we will frequently update the Light Account contract itself, however it is possible if needed. LightAccount has [`UUPSUpgradeable`](https://github.com/alchemyplatform/light-account/blob/main/src/LightAccount.sol#L50) which adds upgrade methods on the account itself. To upgrade an account you will need to send a `UserOperation` using that method.
```

:::

> ### Can I have multiple accounts for the same owner address? / How do I set the value of the salt/index for LightAccount?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can I have multiple accounts for the same owner address? / How do I set the value of the salt/index for Light Account?
```

::: details Answer

> Yes! The optional index value (salt) on LightAccount enables the ability to have multiple accounts for the same owner address. This value defaults to 0. You can set it in the [constructor](/packages/aa-accounts/light-account/constructor.html#params-simplesmartaccountparams).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes! The optional index value (salt) on Light Account enables the ability to have multiple accounts for the same owner address. This value defaults to 0. You can set it in the [constructor](/packages/aa-accounts/light-account/constructor.html#params-simplesmartaccountparams).
```

:::

## Submitting User Operations

### How does the speed of user operations compare to normal transactions?

::: details Answer
If the User Operation (meta-transaction for 4337 accounts) is correctly priced and submitted a few hundred ms prior to a new block getting created, it will typically get placed in the next block. This is because the bundler needs time to create/propagate its transaction. You can think of it as 1 extra block time worth of latency, but we are working towards improving this latency.
:::

### Why am I seeing a delay in landing userOps on-chain?

::: details Answer

> This can happen when UserOperations become underpriced, frequently due to fee market movement between when gas and fees are estimations and when the user operation is actually submitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can happen when `UserOperation`s become underpriced, frequently due to fee market movement between when gas and fees are estimations and when the user operation is actually submitted.
```

> You may experience this when calling the [`waitForUserOperationTransaction`](/packages/aa-core/provider/waitForUserOperationTransaction.html#waitForUserOperationTransaction) method. It may throw an error if it does not find the mined user operation within it’s retry limits. You can mitigate this by defining a more flexible retry period when constructing a [provider](/packages/aa-core/provider/constructor.html#constructor) (i.e. `txMaxRetries`, `txRetryIntervalMs`, `txRetryMultiplier` in `opts`). If your user operation continues to be delayed beyond a limit you are willing to wait, you can resubmit the user operation using [`dropAndReplaceUserOperation`](/packages/aa-core/provider/dropAndReplaceUserOperation.html#dropandreplaceuseroperation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may experience this when calling the [`waitForUserOperationTransaction`](/packages/aa-core/provider/waitForUserOperationTransaction.html#waitForUserOperationTransaction) method. It may throw an error if it does not find the `UserOperation` (UO) in a mined Transaction within its retry limits. 

You can mitigate this by defining a more flexible retry period when constructing a [provider](/packages/aa-core/provider/constructor.html#constructor) (i.e. `txMaxRetries`, `txRetryIntervalMs`, `txRetryMultiplier` in `opts`). If your UO continues to be delayed beyond a limit you are willing to wait, you can resubmit it using [`dropAndReplaceUserOperation`](/packages/aa-core/provider/dropAndReplaceUserOperation.html#dropandreplaceuseroperation).
```

:::

### Are User Operations protected from MEV bots?

::: details Answer

> Right now, user operations are sent to a private mempool for all networks other than Polygon, where there is no way to do this. We are actively involved in proposals for a peer-to-peer mempool standard.

Reviewer: might be worth explaining why a private mempool (to avoid front-running is one reason)
```suggestion
Right now, `UserOperation`s are sent to a private mempool for all networks other than Polygon, where there is no way to do this. We are actively involved in proposals for a peer-to-peer mempool standard.
```

:::

### Can I simulate user operations the same way I simulate transactions?

::: details Answer
Yes! Check out [this guide](/tutorials/sim-user-operation.html).
:::

## Gas Estimation

### How does gas estimation for 4337 smart contract accounts work?

::: details Answer

> Our bundler estimates gas and submits User Operations under the hood of the aa-sdk. Our gas estimations are just that, estimations that optimize for user operations landing on chain, and you may need to adjust gas limits based on your needs using [overrides](/packages/aa-core/provider/types/userOperationOverrides.html). Learn more about gas estimation and how it is implemented in our [bundler](https://www.alchemy.com/blog/erc-4337-gas-estimation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our bundler estimates gas and submits `UserOperation`s under the hood of the aa-sdk. Our gas estimations are just that, estimations that optimize for user operations landing on chain, and you may need to adjust gas limits based on your needs using [overrides](/packages/aa-core/provider/types/userOperationOverrides.html).

Learn more about gas estimation and how it is implemented in our [bundler](https://www.alchemy.com/blog/erc-4337-gas-estimation).
```

There are many nuances and edge cases that our bundler considers especially for L2’s. Learn more [here](https://www.alchemy.com/blog/l2-gas-and-signature-aggregators).

We recommend adding error handling when sending a `UserOperation` to handle potential gas and fee changes due to market movement. Learn more about [frequent errors](#common-errors).
:::

## Gas Manager

### What tiers support gas sponsorship?

::: details Answer
Gas sponsorship is available on testnet for all tiers. For support on mainnet, you must be on a paying tier (i.e. Growth tier and above). Learn more about our different pricing tiers [here](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/gas-manager-coverage-api-pricing#fee-logic).
:::

> ### How is gas sponsored? Do I need to fund the gas manager?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How is gas sponsored? Do I need to fund the Gas Manager?
```

::: details Answer

> We front the gas for your application and put the USD equivalent on your bill at the end of the month. No need to worry about pre-funding the gas manager or conversions, we’ve got you covered!

Reviewer: We'd want this to answer the first question too right? 
> How is gas sponsored?

The answer to this should be tied to paymasters generally, and then lead into how we handle it with our Gas Manager. Feel free to push back here.

Author: What other details do you think would be useful here? I actually think this answers the question as this isn't supposed to be a guide for how to sponsor. I can link that guide at the end.

:::

### What are my gas sponsorship limits?

::: details Answer

> You can find details of gas manager limits depending on your tier [here](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/gas-manager-coverage-api-pricing#fee-logic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find details of Gas Manager limits depending on your tier [here](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/gas-manager-coverage-api-pricing#fee-logic).
```

:::

### Do you support ERC20 or stablecoin paymasters?

::: details Answer
Currently, we don’t support this, but we are actively exploring. Please [reach out](/overview/contact-us) if you are interested as we would love your input in our spec.
:::

### How is the gas manager protected from DDOS attacks?

::: details Answer

> In your gas manager policy, you can configure spending rules per address, per app, and/or policy wide limits. See how to set up these policies [here](/tutorials/sponsoring-gas/sponsoring-gas.html#_2-create-a-gas-manager-policy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your Gas Manager policy, you can configure spending rules per address, per app, and/or policy wide limits. See how to set up these policies [here](/tutorials/sponsoring-gas/sponsoring-gas.html#_2-create-a-gas-manager-policy).
```

:::

## Common Errors {#common-errors}

### Invalid policy ID: `{ code: -32602, message: 'Invalid Policy ID' }`

::: details Answer

> Gas manager policies can only be tied to one app. Make sure you are using the app key id that is associated with the app the Gas Manager policy is configured for or create a new policy for the app you are using.

Reviewer: I don't think "app key" is an external term? apps have api keys
```suggestion
Gas Manager policies can only be tied to one app. Make sure you are using the API Key that is associated with the API Key the Gas Manager policy is configured for, or create a new policy for the app you are using.
```

:::

### Precheck failed: `{ code: -3200, message: 'precheck failed: ...' }`

::: details Answer

> Precheck failed errors are often related to gas and/or fees. Our bundler follows standard [ERC 4337](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-4337.md#client-behavior-upon-receiving-a-useroperation) implementation for gas and fee checks in order to 1) ensure your user operations land on chain and to 2) protect the bundler from potential attacks in order to support scalability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Precheck failed errors are often related to gas and/or fees. Our bundler follows standard [ERC 4337](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-4337.md#client-behavior-upon-receiving-a-useroperation) implementation for gas and fee checks in order to 1) ensure your `UserOperation`s (UOs) land on chain and to 2) protect the bundler from potential attacks in order to support scalability.
```

> These errors are often related to market movement between the time gas and fees are estimated and the time when user operations are submitted to the bundler. This fluctuation in the market is especially variant on testnet. We currently reject upon sending if the user operation is underpriced compared to the network rate to ensure your user operation is included in a block.

Reviewer: since UO spelled out above
```suggestion
These errors are often related to market movement between the time gas and fees are estimated and the time when UOs are submitted to the bundler. This fluctuation in the market is especially variant on testnet. We currently reject upon sending if the user operation is underpriced compared to the network rate to ensure your UO is included in a block.
```

To handle these errors, we recommend you use our [override fields](/packages/aa-core/provider/types/userOperationOverrides) to increase buffers on top of our estimates and implement retry mechanisms as needed.

Our gas and fee estimations are just that, estimations, but we are always working to improve these estimates!
:::

### Total execution gas limit exceeded: `{ code: -3202, message: 'precheck failed: total execution gas is X but must be at most 10000000}`

::: details Answer

> Currently our bundler allows max 10M gas in aggregate between preVerificationGas, verificationGasLimit, and callGasLimit. To reduce the gas needed, try reducing the size of your call data and/or sending your call data in multiple user operations rather than one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently our bundler allows max 10M gas in aggregate between `preVerificationGas`, `verificationGasLimit`, and `callGasLimit`. To reduce the gas needed, try reducing the size of your call data and/or sending your call data in multiple user operations rather than one.
```

:::

### waitForUserOperationTransaction timeout

::: details Answer

> waitForUserOperationTransaction may throw this error if it does not find the mined user operation within it’s retry limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`waitForUserOperationTransaction`](/packages/aa-core/provider/waitForUserOperationTransaction) may throw this error if it does not find the mined user operation within its retry limits.
```

You can mitigate this by defining a more flexible retry period when constructing a [provider](/packages/aa-core/provider/constructor.html#constructor) (i.e. `txMaxRetries`, `txRetryIntervalMs`, `txRetryMultiplier` in `opts`).

> If your user operation continues to be delayed beyond a limit you are willing to wait, you can resubmit the user operation using [`dropAndReplaceUserOperation`](/packages/aa-core/provider/dropAndReplaceUserOperation.html#dropandreplaceuseroperation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your `UserOperation` continues to be delayed beyond a limit you are willing to wait, you can resubmit the user operation using [`dropAndReplaceUserOperation`](/packages/aa-core/provider/dropAndReplaceUserOperation.html#dropandreplaceuseroperation).
```

1. If you deploy one smart account, then change the owner address, then deploy the second account.
2. If you upgrade the smart account (e.g. to a new version of Light Account). It is unlikely that we will make many updates to this contract so the address will not change frequently.
   :::

### How would Alchemy initiate an upgrade of a Light Account?

::: details Answer
It is unlikely we will frequently update the Light Account contract itself, however it is possible if needed. Light Account has [`UUPSUpgradeable`](https://github.com/alchemyplatform/light-account/blob/main/src/LightAccount.sol#L50) which adds upgrade methods on the account itself. To upgrade an account you will need to send a `UserOperation` using that method.
:::

### Can I have multiple accounts for the same owner address? / How do I set the value of the salt/index for Light Account?

::: details Answer
Yes! The optional index value (salt) on Light Account enables the ability to have multiple accounts for the same owner address. This value defaults to 0. You can set it in the [constructor](/packages/aa-accounts/light-account/constructor.html#params-simplesmartaccountparams).
:::

> ## Submitting User Operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Submitting `UserOperation`s
```

### How does the speed of `UserOperation`s compare to normal transactions?

::: details Answer

> If the `UserOperation` (meta-transaction for 4337 accounts) is correctly priced and submitted a few hundred milliseconds (ms) prior to a new block getting created, it will typically get placed in the next block. This is because the bundler needs time to create/propagate its transaction. You can think of it as 1 extra block time worth of latency, but we are working towards improving this latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `UserOperation` (meta-transaction for 4337 accounts) is correctly priced and submitted a few hundred milliseconds (ms) prior to a new block getting created, it will typically get placed in the next block. This is because the Bundler needs time to create/propagate its transaction. You can think of it as 1 extra block time worth of latency, but we are working towards improving this latency.
```

:::

### Why am I seeing a delay in landing `UserOperation`s on-chain?

::: details Answer
This can happen when `UserOperation`s (UOs) become underpriced, frequently due to fee market movement between when gas and fees are estimations and when the UO is actually submitted.

You may experience this when calling the [`waitForUserOperationTransaction`](/packages/aa-core/provider/waitForUserOperationTransaction.html#waitForUserOperationTransaction) method. It may throw an error if it does not find the UO in a mined Transaction within its retry limits.

You can mitigate this by defining a more flexible retry period when constructing a [`Provider`](/packages/aa-core/provider/constructor.html#constructor) (i.e. `txMaxRetries`, `txRetryIntervalMs`, `txRetryMultiplier` in `opts`). If your UO continues to be delayed beyond a limit you are willing to wait, you can resubmit it using [`dropAndReplaceUserOperation`](/packages/aa-core/provider/dropAndReplaceUserOperation.html#dropandreplaceuseroperation).
:::

> ### Are User Operations protected from MEV bots?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Are `UserOperation`s protected from MEV bots?
```

::: details Answer
Right now, `UserOperation`s are sent to a private mempool for all networks other than Polygon, where there is no way to do this. We are actively involved in proposals for a peer-to-peer mempool standard.
:::

> ### Can I simulate User Operations the same way I simulate transactions?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can I simulate `UserOperation`s the same way I simulate transactions?
```

::: details Answer
Yes! Check out [this guide](/tutorials/sim-user-operation.html).
:::

## Gas Estimation

### How does gas estimation for 4337 smart contract accounts work?

::: details Answer
Our bundler estimates gas and submits `UserOperation`s (UOs) under the hood of the aa-sdk. Our gas estimations are just that, estimations that optimize for UOs landing on chain, and you may need to adjust gas limits based on your needs using [overrides](/packages/aa-core/provider/types/userOperationOverrides.html).

> Learn more about gas estimation and how it is implemented in our [bundler](https://www.alchemy.com/blog/erc-4337-gas-estimation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about gas estimation and how it is implemented in our [Bundler](https://www.alchemy.com/blog/erc-4337-gas-estimation).
```

We recommend adding error handling when sending a UO to handle potential gas and fee changes due to market movement. Learn more about [frequent errors](#common-errors).
:::

## Gas Manager

### What tiers support gas sponsorship?

::: details Answer
Gas sponsorship is available on testnet for all tiers. For support on mainnet, you must be on a paying tier (i.e. Growth tier and above). Learn more about our different pricing tiers [here](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/gas-manager-coverage-api-pricing#fee-logic).
:::

### How is gas sponsored? Do I need to fund the Gas Manager?

::: details Answer
We front the gas for your application and put the USD equivalent on your bill at the end of the month. No need to worry about pre-funding the Gas Manager or conversions, we’ve got you covered! You can follow [this guide](/tutorials/sponsoring-gas/sponsoring-gas.html) for more details on how to sponsor `UserOperation`s.
:::

### What are my gas sponsorship limits?

::: details Answer
You can find details of Gas Manager limits depending on your tier [here](https://docs.alchemy.com/reference/gas-manager-coverage-api-pricing#fee-logic).
:::

> ### Do you support ERC20 or stablecoin paymasters?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Do you support ERC-20 or stablecoin paymasters?
```

::: details Answer
Currently, we don’t support this, but we are actively exploring. Please [reach out](/overview/contact-us) if you are interested as we would love your input in our spec.
:::

### How is the Gas Manager protected from DDOS attacks?

::: details Answer
In your Gas Manager policy, you can configure spending rules per address, per app, and/or policy wide limits. See how to set up these policies [here](/tutorials/sponsoring-gas/sponsoring-gas.html#_2-create-a-gas-manager-policy).
:::

## Common Errors {#common-errors}

### Invalid policy ID: `{ code: -32602, message: 'Invalid Policy ID' }`

::: details Answer
Gas Manager policies can only be tied to one app. Make sure you are using the API Key that is associated with the app the Gas Manager policy is configured for, or create a new policy for the app you are using.
:::

### Precheck failed: `{ code: -3200, message: 'precheck failed: ...' }`

::: details Answer

> Precheck failed errors are often related to gas and/or fees. Our bundler follows standard [ERC 4337](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-4337.md#client-behavior-upon-receiving-a-useroperation) implementation for gas and fee checks in order to 1) ensure your `UserOperation`s (UOs) land on chain and to 2) protect the bundler from potential attacks in order to support scalability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Precheck failed errors are often related to gas and/or fees. Our Bundler follows standard [ERC 4337](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-4337.md#client-behavior-upon-receiving-a-useroperation) implementation for gas and fee checks in order to 1) ensure your `UserOperation`s (UOs) land on chain and to 2) protect the Bundler from potential attacks in order to support scalability.
```

> These errors are often related to market movement between the time gas and fees are estimated and the time when UOs are submitted to the bundler. This fluctuation in the market is especially variant on testnet. We currently reject upon sending if the user operation is underpriced compared to the network rate to ensure your UO is included in a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These errors are often related to market movement between the time when gas and fees are estimated and the time when UOs are submitted to the bundler. This fluctuation in the market is especially variant on testnet. To ensure your UO is included in a block, we currently reject sending any UOs that are underpriced compared to the network rate .
```

To handle these errors, we recommend you use our [override fields](/packages/aa-core/provider/types/userOperationOverrides) to increase buffers on top of our estimates and implement retry mechanisms as needed.

Our gas and fee estimations are just that, estimations, but we are always working to improve these estimates!
:::

### Total execution gas limit exceeded: `{ code: -3202, message: 'precheck failed: total execution gas is X but must be at most 10000000}`

::: details Answer

> Currently our bundler allows max 10M gas in aggregate between `preVerificationGas`, `verificationGasLimit`, and `callGasLimit`. To reduce the gas needed, try reducing the size of your call data and/or sending your call data in multiple User Operations rather than one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently our Bundler allows max 10M gas in aggregate between `preVerificationGas`, `verificationGasLimit`, and `callGasLimit`. To reduce the gas needed, try reducing the size of your call data and/or sending your call data in multiple `UserOperation`s rather than one.
```

:::

> ### waitForUserOperationTransaction timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `waitForUserOperationTransaction` timeout
```
